Source: https://vignan.ac.in/alumni/

VFSTR :: Alumni
Previous
Next
A Welcome  Message to Alumni
Dear Alumni,
It is my pleasure to welcome you to the alumni section of our website, where you can feel right at home. In this section, you can be active and engaged members of the community, reconnect with your classmates and keep up to date about alumni events.
I am tremendously proud of what you have all been accomplishing since leaving campus, and of how you - and the university - have grown in the past few years. As you continue on your paths, fulfilling your potential and acting as ambassadors for Vignan, I encourage you to think often on the mission Dr. Lavu Rathaiah set for Vignan's University and for you: to become leaders in the world, promoting peace and hope.
We look forward to your continued success.
Sincerely,
Prof. M. Ramesh naidu
Chairman – Alumni
Association
VFSTR.
Mail : dean_alumni@vignan.ac.in
Addanki Sridhar Babu, IAS
Additional Secretary of Higher Education, Uttarakhand, an Alumnus of 1998 CSE Batch    " I feel proud to say that I am an alumnus of the 2nd batch of Vignan, Vadlamudi campus.The Chairman of Vignan Group Dr. L. Rathaiah motivated us to pursue Civil Services and ensured that we had all the materials required for serious preparation. I went on to secure all india 5th rank in IAS in the year 2007 "
Alumni  Reflections
"Uncut Diamonds never glitter, but processed one do so" I am happy to tell you that I am one of the processed products of vignan from the department of Applied Engineering. I got transformed from an average student to the topper of my batch during my 4 year study here, all happened because of my professors and their student centric teaching methods. They helped us to visualize each and every concept and demonstrated it to us with working models. Thank you Vignan for making me a competent engineer. - K Surya Sai Swamy Akhilesh (Mechatronics
2011-15 Batch)
My journey in Vignan is the most memorable part of my life. It taught me the beauty of life. Various Personality Development programs helped me in building up myself. All the Co-curricular
and extra curricular activities strengthened my communication and organizing skills. Being an active student and coordinator of various technical and cultural events, still I graduated with 83.78% and got placed in TCS.All the faculty of CSE and Training cell are responsible for turning me in to what I am today. Thank you Vignan for all. I owe my career to you.- Sai Sasank Paladugu (CSE
2010-14 Batch)
With fear and ambiguity I entered the college, not knowing how the coming years could be but the campus ambience lifted my spirts giving me unknown confidence that my future is going to be a bright one. The confidence given still continues. Vignan's lush and green environment filled me with new enthusiasm every day. The faculty of my department help me realize my real potential and nurture me. Our faculty not only teach us how to resolve problems but also gives skills to become self reliant. Apart from academics, I learn lessons of life which had modeled me in to a mature person and then me a strength to face problems. - Pooja Rajya Lakshmi (Chemical Engg.
2012-16 Batch)
Upcoming  Events
Alumni Reunion July 27-28th 2024
Alumni Reunion 2025 tentatively Scheduled on December at Banglore/Chennai
Silver Jublee Celebration of 1997-2001 batch tentatively scheduled in the month of July 2026 at VFSTR-Vadlamudi
×
CLICK HERE