Source: https://vignan.ac.in/blog/

Vigan Blog | Vignan University
Vignan Blog
All Tags
CampusCareer
Civil Services
March 13, 2025
CareerCampus
Online M.B.A and M.C.A Programs
March 11, 2025
Mixed Fruit Orchard
March 9, 2025
The Importance of Cybersecurity Awareness for IT Students
March 8, 2025
Bridging AI and Web Development
March 8, 2025
Dragon Fruit Harvesting
October 1, 2023
Greenwashing
October 1, 2023
Welcome to International Students Joining Vignan
September 1, 2023
Explore Vignan's University Student Support Services
August 1, 2023
Building upon last week's discussion on inclusive education, let's probe into additional learning domains that educators should strive to facilitate
July 1, 2023
Learn how to steer your start at university.
June 1, 2023
Navigating the Food Technology Crisis and Innovations Paving the Path to a Sustainable Future
May 17, 2023
OpenAI Unveils Shap-E: A Revolutionary Tool for Converting Text and Images into 3D Models
May 15, 2023
A plethora of cutting-edge technological programs in the field of biotechnology and bio informatics
April 19, 2023
Why take the V-SAT (Scholastic Aptitude Test)?
March 1, 2023
Are you aspiring to build a career in engineering?
February 20, 2023
Have you ever considered making a career out of your life skills ?
June 14, 2022
What are the latest research advancements in civil engineering
January 31, 2022
What is an Internship Importance of Internship for an Engineering Student ?
January 31, 2022
Career Options after Chemical Engineering
January 29, 2022
« Prev12345Next »
Contact Us
Vignan's Foundation for Science, Technology and Research (Deemed to be University), Vadlamudi, Guntur-522213
info@vignan.ac.in
0863-2344700 / 701
Vignan’s Foundation for Science, Technology, and Research (Vignan) met the accreditation requirements of the International Accreditation Organization (IAO) and was granted full accreditation.
Learn More
Admission
Apply Online
International Students
Why Choose Us?
Refund Policy
internal portals
DEO
Faculty
Student Portal
Student
Pay Tuition Fee
Examinations
Internship Portal
Slam Book
Outlook ( Access Mails)
NCC
Anti-Ragging
Grievance Redressal
Accreditation
IQAC
NAAC
NBA
NAD
DSIR Certified
OTHERS
VU Moodle
Essential contacts
Vignan Online
MHRD- NMEICT
ARIIA
Feedback
VU Today
Admission
Apply Online
International Students
Why Choose Us?
Refund Policy
Internal Portals
DEO
Faculty
Student Portal
Student
Pay Tuition Fee
Examinations
Internship Portal
Slam Book
Outlook (Access Mails)
NCC
Anti-Ragging
Grievance Redressal
Accreditation
IQAC
NAAC
NBA
NAD
DSIR Certified
Others
VU Moodle
Essential Contacts
Vignan Online
MHRD- NMEICT
ARIIA
Feedback
VU Today
Copyrights © 2024 VFSTR. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
NBA Recognition
View Document (2020-23)
View Document (2023-26)
REFUND/CANCELLATION POLICY
Fee refund norms against cancellation of admissions:
For cancellation of admission, the issue of refund of tuition fee to student shall be decided in
the light of MHRD circular, UGC norms (UGC regulations 2016, 6.2) and University policy. The
broad rules for refund of tution fee against cancellation of seat are:
Admission fee is non-refundable, once student is provisionally admitted.
Tuition fee paid will be refunded if the student cancel his /her admission before the
commencement of class work.
Prior to closing of admissions and after commencement of class work, tuition fee is
refundable with proportionate deduction of monthly fee.
Once admissions are closed, the entire fee collected shall be forfeited.
DSIR Recognition
The Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) is a part of the Ministry of Science
and Technology, which was announced through a Presidential Notification, dated January 4, 1985
(74/2/1/8 Cab.) contained in the 164th Amendment of the Government of India (Allocation of
Business) Rules, 1961.The Department of Scientific and Industrial Research (DSIR) has a mandate
to carry out the activities relating to indigenous technology promotion, development,
utilisation and transfer
DSIR has been decided to accord the recognition to Vignan’s foundation of Science & Research
(Deemed to be University), Guntur District, Andhra Pradesh from 30 Aug 2018 to 31 Mar 2021.
View Document
ARIIA
Atal Ranking of Institutions on Innovation Achievements (ARIIA) is an initiative of Ministry of
Education (MoE), Govt. of India to systematically rank all major higher educational institutions
and universities in India on indicators related to “Innovation and Entrepreneurship Development”
amongst students and faculties. The first edition was launched in 2019.
The methodology designed to calculate ARIIA metrics considers all major parameters/ indicators
used globally to rank education institutions for innovation output. Additionally, ARIIA also
measures some parameters which are India specific considering the current scenario and status of
higher education in India.
Vignan Institute’s departments like Bio-tech, Food, Agricultural and Engineering Technologies s
are part of innovation and startup ecosystem of the institute.
View Document
ABET Recognition
The university has secured ABET Accreditation for Five of its programs: CSE, EEE, ECE,
Mechanical Engineering and Biotechnology.
This prestigious American based Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology
(ABET) places Vignan's
University among the 12 exclusive institutions in India to attain this
rare distinction.
Graduates from ABET-accredited programs benefit from global recognition of their
degrees, enhanced employability, and opportunities for high-profile careers
and advanced studies at leading organisations worldwide.